README.md, before:

# <img src="./img/database.png" width="20" height="25"> SQL and NoSQL databases 

## <img src="./img/Mongo.jfif" height="19"> [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/)


<img src="./img/Node.png" height="15"> developers often consider `MongoDB` to be the main choice when building a data-driven application. However, many alternatives may provide better solutions.

This repository was built with the intention of exploring various database options to connect to Node.js backend such as:

1. MongoDB
2. MySQL
3. Redis.

CRUD operations was built by using JS classes and instances

## <img src="./img/Redis.jpg" height="19"> [Redis](https://redis.io/)

An important subset of NoSQL databases are key value stores. While key value stores are very limited, they're also very powerful and fast. `Redis` basically stores the data in memory which makes it blazingly fast but also, the data might get lost, if you kill the `Redis` process. 
Redis is often used as a cache. It can also be used as a storage when the consistency requirements are not high.

## <img src="./img/MySQL.jfif" height="19">) [MySQL](https://www.mysql.com/)

Commit message:

Installed Redis via docker hub

README.md, after:

# <img src="./img/database.png" width="20" height="25"> SQL and NoSQL databases 

## <img src="./img/Mongo.jfif" height="22"> [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/)


<img src="./img/Node.png" height="15"> developers often consider `MongoDB` to be the main choice when building a data-driven application. However, many alternatives may provide better solutions.

This repository was built with the intention of exploring various database options to connect to Node.js backend such as:

1. MongoDB
2. MySQL
3. Redis.

CRUD operations was built by using JS classes and instances
Databases installed by pulling docker image from <img src="./img/docker.png.jpg" height="18"> hub 

## <img src="./img/Redis.jpg" height="22"> [Redis](https://redis.io/)

An important subset of NoSQL databases are key value stores. While key value stores are very limited, they're also very powerful and fast. `Redis` basically stores the data in memory which makes it blazingly fast but also, the data might get lost, if you kill the `Redis` process. 
Redis is often used as a cache. It can also be used as a storage when the consistency requirements are not high.

## <img src="./img/MySQL.jfif" height="22"> [MySQL](https://www.mysql.com/)
